# ]po[ ITSM Bug Tracker 
This package is part of ]project-open[, an open-source enterprise project management system.

For more information about ]project-open[ please see:
* [Documentation Wiki](http://www.project-open.com/en/)
* [V5.0 Download](https://sourceforge.net/projects/project-open/files/project-open/V5.0/)
* [Installation Instructions](http://www.project-open.com/en/list-installers)

About ]po[ ITSM Bug Tracker :

<p><p>The <span class="brandsec">]</span><span class="brandfirst">po</span><span class="brandsec">[</span> Bug Tracker is a fully fledged open-source &amp; web-based bug tracker. <p><h5>Integrated Project and Financial Management </h5><p>The <span class="brandsec">]</span><span class="brandfirst">po</span><span class="brandsec">[</span> Bug Tracker not just a bug tracker, but contains about 50 additional modules ranging from content &amp; collaboration such as Full-Text Search, Wiki, Forums, Filestorage to Project Management with Gantt Charts, Budget Planning and even &quot;hard&quot; financials functionality such as Project Controlling, Profit &amp; Loss and export interfaces to accouting packages such as QuickBooks, SAP, etc. <h5>Other Enterprise-Class Feature </h5><p>Unlike other open-source based systems, <span class="brandsec">]</span><span class="brandfirst">po</span><span class="brandsec">[</span> integrates several enterprise-class features such as a Petri-Net based Dynamic Workflow, role-based application security and LDAP single sign-on (SSO). Enterprise integration and SOA is supported via interfaces including XML-RPC, SOAP and ODBC. <h5>Open-Source &amp; Licensing </h5><p>The <span class="brandsec">]</span><span class="brandfirst">po</span><span class="brandsec">[</span> Bug Tracker and most other <span class="brandsec">]</span><span class="brandfirst">po</span><span class="brandsec">[</span> modules are licensed under the GPL V2.  However, due to the interest of larger companies we have developed several &quot;extension modules&quot; that cover particular needs, such as interfaces to accounting systems, GAAP/IAS auditing capabilities (2007Q1), Reporting, One-Time-Password security, etc. These &quot;extension modules&quot; are closed-source software and licensed, maintained and installed separately from the open-source based main system. <h5>Built on Open-Source Components </h5><p>The <span class="brandsec">]</span><span class="brandfirst">po</span><span class="brandsec">[</span> Bug Tracker is built on open-source components such as the PostgreSQL database, AOLServer and the OpenACS online community. Supported operating systems include most Linux variants (default platform) and Windows (Win2k, WinXP, Win2k3, ...). However, we have also reports from customers running <span class="brandsec">]</span><span class="brandfirst">po</span><span class="brandsec">[</span> on Solaris, Mac OS-X and BSD. <h5>Designed for Service Organizations </h5><p>The <span class="brandsec">]</span><span class="brandfirst">po</span><span class="brandsec">[</span> Bug Tracker and most other <span class="brandsec">]</span><span class="brandfirst">po</span><span class="brandsec">[</span> packages have been designed from scratch for the needs for small and medium service organizations (2 - 200 members), representing either SMEs (small and medium enterprises) or service departments of larger companies. <p>

# Online Reference Documentation

